---
title: A new logo
---

A short day: created a logo for my [angular-template-bundler](/projects/angular-template-bundler.html) and completed a few chores.

The last couple of days had a tendency of getting late, so in order to get back to a more reasonable schedule, I'm cutting today short. Also, my creativity has run dry for today. Therefore, I won't force it but instead listen to my body and call it a day early =)

But! Before I do that, a few words on the logo development. I wanted to capture the idea behind the plugin and hint at the physical metaphors involved. First of all, it's about templates and I thought of [those spray paint stencils](https://img0.etsystatic.com/059/0/5602942/il_570xN.742914588_shac.jpg) -- so, I wanted to bundle a few angular-stencils.

Next was creating the basic stencils. Logos need to be simple so after trying out several options, I went for repeating a single stencil. I based the stencil on the angular logo, of course, and went for three of them. Two would make [the plugin](http://angular-template-bundler.rasenplanscher.info/) pointless, and any more than three would make the logo too complex.

Then I had to find a way to bundle those stencils. Again for simplicity, I decided they would just be stacked. For doing that, there are plenty options. I tried some, including [3D extrusion](https://helpx.adobe.com/illustrator/using/creating-3d-objects.html#create_a_3d_object_by_extruding), but in the end I came back to good old simplicity again: I stacked them with a slight offset from each to the next.

Since you would usually have *different* templates, not identical ones, and using different shapes just was not gonna fly, I wanted to distinguish the three by color. Again, I tried several options with different colors, but multi-colored schemes were just unsightly, so I picked one primary color for the front-most stencil and used grey and black for the two below.

At that point, you would be forgiven for thinking I was done, but actually I had to admit that the whole thing looked kind of crappy. The reason lay in the many shapes interacting with one another. So I cut everything down so only the front-most stencil was fully visible and the others were only hinted at. And that's what you can now marvel at on [the documentation page](http://angular-template-bundler.rasenplanscher.info/) =)

In retrospect, it would have been nice to make screen caps and post them here as well, but I didn't think of that at the time... Well, maybe next time ;)
